nationalism does nothing but teach you
how to hate people that you never met
and all of a sudden you take pride in
accomplishments you had no part in
whatsoever and you brag about the
Americans you go fuck the French fuck
the French if we hadn't to save their
ass and two world wars they'd be
speaking German right now go Oh was that
us that was us was it was that me and
you Tommy
we saved the friends Jesus I know I
blacked out a little bit after that
fourth shot of Jagermeister last night
but I don't remember I know we went
through two Wendy's drive-through we're
gonna get when I'm in fresh set of
sandwiches it looks so alluring on the
commercial but then we ordered it and
realized we had no money and we had to
ditch out before the second window
because douche bags in line behind us
with the bass music probably got our
order it out we laughed about that but I
don't remember saving a friend
boy I went through the last ten calls on
my cell phone and there's nothing
incoming or outgoing to the French
looking for muscle on a project check my
pants has no mud stains on the knees
from where we were garrotting Krauts in
the trenches at Verdun I think we didn't
do anything but watch sports bloopers
while we got hammered I think we should
shut the fuck up
all right stop tradition and heritage as
dead people's baggage quit carrying it
did you make it up no it's passed on to
be passive that every immigration
argument that you hear then they never
come from a yeah well how does it affect
you personally well you know these
immigrants they come to our country
they burden our tax system what they do
is they come here and they get into our
education system in our health care not
gonna pay the tax my taxes have to pay
that well what the fuck are you doing to
me every time you have a kid every time
you have a kid cuz it's American I
should pull up a chaise lounge and wave
a flag while fifteen of those things
come out of you
hey everyone I can't wait to pay for
these you're American I have a
mastectomy and an abortion on my record
but I can't wait for all your fucking
fat added miss Midwestern kids to come
out here waiting a Catholic come on be
fruitful multiply Lovett
woman I'll get a second job no keep well
these immigrants they don't fuck they
don't speak the language then don't talk
to him I solve your problem that was
quick you know who speaks the language
perfectly your next-door neighbor you've
lived there eight and a half years
you've never said one fucking word to
that guy you avert eye contact should
you check the mail at the same time so
why would you give a shit with the guy
selling canopy knobs in a cart in the
park speech plenty of fucking business
and all is all the cliched arguments
like that whether they're lazy that have
shipped this and they're criminals and
all this they all those arguments go
against the main cliched argument of
their taking American jobs I live on the
Mexican border I lived seven miles off
the Mexican border in a town Bisbee
Arizona little town
I can go out any day and watch Border
Patrol arresting these guys by the Dozen
11 at a time out of a Dodge Omni like a
clown car with plastic cuffs yeah and
you're right they don't speak the
language and they probably have no
education they don't have fuckin shoes
at the time like barefooting tattered
cast away like Gilligan's Island shorts
and hey like a dirty t-shirt and
dehydrated wandering a desert before
days and if that guy is as qualified for
your job as you are you're a fucking
loser of such epic humiliating
proportions I would be ashamed to have
anyone find out that guy took my job he
doesn't speak English what did they do
your job training in pantomime shithead
oh good boy boy I see boy boy Frank
you're out of here mullet heads hey guys
my god
fuck asshole you should have tried
harder
nobody bitches about immigrants taking
that job if that person has skills of
any level nothing fucking brain surgeon
sitting around the Beverly Hills hotel
lounge you know really chaps my ass
Barry Scandinavian fellas are coming
over taking all our good neurosurgery
positions the Norwegians specifically I
say we found ourselves a bottle of Jack
Daniels and go stop us some Ouija ass
the first Ouija we see Jeff jump out of
that Explorer pound him
fucking immigrants all started with that
Einstein once they brought him over from
Germany and we didn't have any good
genius jobs who has a trickle-down
effect